README.md, before:

# SessionManager
Simple PHP session manager implementing security against hijicking

Requires PHP 7 or 8

install with `composer require seba1rx/sessionadmin:dev-master`

if you get a message saying `Could not find a version of package seba1rx/sessionadmin matching your minimum-stability (stable).`
then add `"minimum-stability": "dev"` to your composer.json file before installing

Usage:

On each PHP page, call `activateSession()` method as you would with `session_start()`

example:

```
use Rx\SessionAdmin;
$rxSessionAdmin = new SessionAdmin();
$rxSessionAdmin->activateSession();
```

there are 2 public methods:

`activateSession()` and `createUserSession()`

You will find a working demo in `/demo`
The demo shows a basic website implementing the class, you can just install this package and then go to `/vendor/seba1rx/sessionadmin/demo/index.php` in order to try it out

This class can be useful in websites that have public content available but also restricted content accessible only if you log in

Features:
- Creates a session for guest and users
- Named session
- 3% chances of regenerating session id on each request
- Prevents hijicking
- Define allowed URL array for guests, that can be expanded when user logs in according to system profile
- session destruction on obsolete request

Commit message:

Improvement: main class declared as abstract to force extension

README.md, after:

# SessionManager
Simple PHP session manager implementing security against hijicking

Requires PHP 8

install with `composer require seba1rx/sessionadmin:dev-master`

if you get a message saying `Could not find a version of package seba1rx/sessionadmin matching your minimum-stability (stable).`
then add `"minimum-stability": "dev"` to your composer.json file before installing

Usage:

On each PHP page, call `activateSession()` method as you would with `session_start()`

example:

```
use Seba1rx\MySessionAdmin;
$sessionAdmin = new MySessionAdmin();
$sessionAdmin->activateSession();
```

### In order to use this class, you can use the Seba1rx\MySessionAdmin class or you can create your own class to extend Seba1rx\SessionAdmin Class

there are 2 public methods:

`activateSession()` and `createUserSession()`

You will find a working demo in `/demo`
The demo shows a basic website implementing the class, you can just install this package and then go to `/vendor/seba1rx/sessionadmin/demo/index.php` in order to try it out

or you can clone this repo to your local dev environment to try out the demo.

This class can be useful in websites that have public content available but also restricted content accessible only if you log in

Features:
- Creates a session for guest and users
- Named session
- 3% chances of regenerating session id on each request
- Prevents hijicking
- Define allowed URL array for guests, that can be expanded when user logs in according to system profile
- session destruction on obsolete request


### Here are some screen caps:
